Du Weldenvarden: The Enchanted Forest
By: Opal Koboi(Argetlam) and Sageleaf(Osthato Chetowa)

Darkness falls…
	Swords clash…
		Evil reigns.
In the midst of war, Argetlam and Osthato Chetowa and their powerful clan had been hidden from the battle. But as the battle comes closer and closer to their beloved home, will they prevail?

Dedicated to the love of fantasy and various fanfiction fandom.
Thanks to all of the authors and helpers for this book.

“A flight through enchanted terror.”
“Love at first sight, I couldn’t put it down.”
“It was like seeing the world and story unravel before my eyes.”

Followed by: Du Weldenvarden: The Battle of the Burning Plains
	Trained and experienced, the two elves Argetlam and Osthato Chetowa take foot on the longest journey to the capital of the Empire. They will find the ultimate source of power for the Empire, and find out, what they are, truly, fighting for.






Take Flight, My Friend

	The wind blew into Argetlam’s black midnight hair, reflecting the color of the blue and silver moon. She tasted the honey nectar in the air with her tongue, as the Agaeti Blodhren had taken place. The early spring ceremony celebrated the life of Du Weldenvarden, where the life of every single elf known had grown up in. As Argetlam spotted Ellesmera, it was dotted with millions of fireflies giving a dim glow. The air was filled with magic, enchanted, for Argetlam’s race had the gentle and kind respect for the forest, and had kept it alive using the unnatural bonds of magic, filling the forest with lush trees, underbrush, and several types of mystical herbs and plants. Today all of the elves, some from villages, others from far away, came here, to Ellesmera, to celebrate the birth of Du Weldenvarden.
	Argetlam smiled with excitement at the thought that, as every decade, the queen, Islzandi, would spread the life and magic of an elf to another, to grant blessings. She had remember the last ceremony, when the trees, gigantic in size, held lanterns, glowing light across the city in the middle of Du Weldenvarden. 
	A wave of excitement as her mind touched with Osthato Chetowa, whom was riding gleefully towards Ellesmera. 
“The voices of nature, they touch me as we glide towards Ellesmera.” Osthato Chetowa exclaimed gleefully, riding her dragon next to Glaedr. She stood up, looking at the upcoming city. She spread her arms out. “What a magnificent day and night it will be!”
Argetlam stood up as well, balancing myself on top of Glaedr. She let her mind flow out of her body, touching the life of every plant as Glaedr sailing through the night sky. All presented happiness, bringing Argetlam a warm, happy feeling as she sat down on Glaedr. “I suspect the queen shall not bore us this night,” Argetlam said. “Tonight, is the day where happiness lives, we, elves, sail through the night, with our dragons, graceful as the fire dove. We will dance, sing, and perform. It is a wonderful feeling, yes it is.”
Argetlam gripped on tight as she and Glaedr descended toward the forest ground with an accelerating speed, Osthato Chetowa and Bjarskular dived down with Argetlam, side by side, in perfect momentum.
Both dragons extended their wings at the very last moment, allowing the wind to catch onto the wings. As they entered Ellesmera, both dragons descended towards the lake. At the same time, Glaedr and Bjarskular, breathed a stream of blue fire, rising towards the sky once again.
Argetlam and Osthato Chetowa stood up, each on the back of the moving dragons, and leaped up, switching dragons. They landed gracefully, descending down onto the moss and grass covered ground, in the middle of Ellesmera. They were met by a crowd of applauding elves. 
“Well that was invigorating!” Osthato Chetowa said.
Argetlam smiled. “Flying is the best sport,” she paused for a second as Glaedr nosed her arm. “Because, when you lose, you die.”
The days leading up to the Agaeti Blodhren were the best and worst of times for Argetlam and Osthato Chetowa. They were bombarded with formal and political meetings, and at other times, dancing through the woods together, along with Eragon and Roran, a formal human warrior, Roran, half elf as well, a fine warrior. He had been a friend of Argetlam and Chetowa ever since they meet in the Beor Mountains, where the two men had fought with them against several of the Empire’s soldiers. Ever since, they had been tight friends. Argetlam, nor Chetowa, had been in Ellesmera for the past decades, so Eragon and Roran met them as soon as they arrived.
Over the course of their wanderings, Eragon and Roran introduced Argetlam and Chetowa to elves of distinction: great warriors, poets, and artist. They took them to concerts held under the thatched pines. And they showed them many hidden wonders of Ellesmera.
Argetlam and Chetowa seized every opportunity to talk with them. They told Eragon and Roran about their upbringings in Palancar Valley, about the outskirts of the forest, stories hours long of their travels, and their love of the mountains surrounding Du Weldenvarden and the flaming sheets of light that adorned the winter sky at night. They told them stories of joy- a joy that they knew that Eragon and Roran, of all people, could appreciate.
Living here much longer than Eragon and Roran, Chetowa and Argetlam felt it was their duty to show the wonders of Du Weldenvarden. Along the side of Ellesmera stood the canyon Argetlam had walked many years before. They wandered the sides of the canyon, exploring caves that Chetowa had seen, flying occasionally with them. It felt wonderful to be around old friends again.
***
	Together Eragon, Roran, Argetlam, and Chetowa waited until the stroke of midnight, when Islanzadi raised her bare left arm as that it point toward the new moon like a marble spear. A soft white orb gathered itself above her palm from the light emitted by the lanterns that dotted the Menoa tree. Then Islanzadi walked along the root to the massive trunk and placed the orb in a hollow in the bark, where it remained.
	Eragon turned to Argetlam. “Is it begun?”
	“It is begun!” She laughed. “And it will end when the werelight expends itself.”
	The elves divided themselves into informal camps throughout the forest and clearing that encircled the Menoa tree. Seemingly out of nowhere, they produced tables laden with fantastic dishes, which from their unearthly appearance were as much the result of the spellweavers’ handiwork as the cooks’.
	Then the elves, including Argetlam and Chetowa, began to sing in their clear, flute like voices. They sang many songs, yet each was but part of a larger melody that wove an enchantment over the dreamy night, heightening senses, removing inhibitions, and burnishing the revels with fey magic. Their verses concerned heroic deeds and quest by ship and horse to forgotten lands and the sorrow of lost beauty. The throbbing music enveloped the humans and dwarves, and they felt a wild abandon take hold of them, a desire to run free of their lives and dance through the elven glades forever more.
	What transpired afterward, Eragon was never able to adequately recall. It was as if he had a fever and faded in and out of consciousness. He could remember certain incidents with vivid clarity- bright, pungent flashes filled with merriment- but it was beyond him to reconstruct the order in which they occurred. He lost track of whether it was day or night, for no matter the time, dusk seemed to pervade the forest. Nor could he ever say if he had slumbered, or needed sleep, during the celebration…

He remembered spinning in circles while holding the hands of an elf-maid with cherry lips, the taste of honey on his tongue and the smell of juniper in the air…

He remembered elves perched on the outstretched branches of the Menoa tree, like a flock of starlings. They strummed golden harps and called riddles to Glaedr below and, now and then, pointed a finger at the sky, whereupon a burst of colored embers would appear in various shapes before fading away…

He remember sitting in a dell, watching the same elf-maid sway before a rapt audience while she sang:

Away, away, you shall fly away, 
O’er the peaks and vales
To the lands beyond.
Away, away, you shall fly away,
And never return to me.

Gone! Gone you shall be from me,
And never return to me.
Gone! Gone you shall be from me,
Though I wait for you evermore.

He remembered endless poems, some mournful, others joyful- most both. He heard Argetlam’s and Chetowa’s poems in full and thought it was fine indeed, and Islanzadi’s, with was longer but of equal merit. All the elves gathered to listen to the fine piece’ of work.

<When Argetlam and Chetowa travel to the Spine>
	Chetowa rested on Bjarskular as she was weaving blades of grass together. With her skilled, deft hands, it formed the petal like shape Chetowa wanted. Bending, shredding, twisting the blades of grass, it formed the shape of a lily. After adding on the roots,  and with a whisper of a spell, the grass, starting from the roots, crystallized into pure gold. It illuminated in the night as Chetowa stopped the flow of the magic. She rest it onto the lake surface, where it would thrive and grow. It was alive, alive as could be, and the happiness of life tingled in its new leaves as Chetowa brushed her hand against it.
	Argetlam was resting on Glaedr as she was chewing a dandelion leaf. Chetowa had remembered about how they had gathered a poor rabbit for dinner, as they had spent their energy flying through the skies with the dragons, using large amounts of magic. Rarely did they feast on animals, for elves had simple respect for the living animals of the forest. Still, the thought of one of the Varden’s feasts, a slowly cooked whole pig, seasoned with the rarest of spices, toppled off with a light cover of honey made Chetowa’s mouth water. Maybe, Chetowa thought. If the Varden cooks up another feast containing meat, well, it would be rude to not have a plate or so. 
	Chetowa shook her head from the thought and stared as Argetlam was weaving the blades of grass. She was about done, and she showed Chetowa the finishing product.
	“Do you like it?” Argetlam asked, a big grin on her face. The grass structure was an intricate ship. It had the bow, stern, a mast. Although only eight inches long, it had exquisite detail in the ship’s design, showing a barrel with what appeared to be cranberries.
	Chetowa nodded as Argetlam mouthed a spell, allowing the ship to fly across, to the skies. It lit up the skies with a green aura.
	“How long will it fly?” Chetowa asked.
	“Forever. The energy of the plants with guide its was, sailing for eternity through the sky.”
	They both stared at the boat as it flew out into the night sky.
